docs: document WebAuthn conditional create (#44643)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/credentialscontainer/create/index.md

  - : An object that contains options for the requested new `Credentials` object. It can contain the following properties:
    - `signal` {{optional_inline}}
      - : An {{domxref("AbortSignal")}} object instance that allows an ongoing `create()` operation to be aborted. An aborted operation may complete normally (generally if the abort was received after the operation finished) or reject with an `AbortError` {{domxref("DOMException")}}.
    - `mediation` {{optional_inline}}

>       - : A string indicating how user mediation should be handled for the credential creation request. For public key credentials, a value of `"conditional"` requests [automatic passkey creation](#creating_a_passkey_conditionally) when the user agent and passkey provider support it, and the user has recently signed in with a saved password.

Reviewer: We document enumerations by listing all the valid values in a nested `<dl>`, see for example the version of this option under `get()`: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/CredentialsContainer/get#mediation.

The IDL suggests that all four values can be passed here, but I don't know whether they are actually supported in `create()`.

> [!NOTE]
> See [Creating a key pair and registering a user](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Web_Authentication_API#creating_a_key_pair_and_registering_a_user) for more information about how the overall flow works.

> ### Creating a passkey conditionally

Reviewer: I think examples should just be examples: that is, they should illustrate features that are described elsewhere. That is, you should be able to learn all about a feature just by reading its description. So I don;t really think examples should come with a lot of explanatory text about the behavior of the feature being illustrated - that should live elsewhere.

So:
- EITHER this page should have an H2 "description", which could integrate some of the stuff from the start of the page (especially, about how you can create various different types of credential) and then we could put this descriptive content in an H3 under there
- OR, since you already describe the feature in the WebAuthn overview page, we could just link to that description.

I think the first option is better, but more work of course.

> _Automatic passkey creation_, also known as _conditional create_, lets a relying party (RP) request passkey creation without requiring the user to explicitly choose a "create a passkey" control.

Reviewer: We don't use the RP terminology in the rest of the page so it's weird to introduce it here. We could just say "website" IMO.

It is intended to help users upgrade from passwords to passkeys: for example, a site can call `create()` with `mediation: "conditional"` immediately after the user signs in successfully with a saved password.

Before requesting conditional creation, check whether the WebAuthn client supports the feature using {{domxref("PublicKeyCredential.getClientCapabilities_static", "PublicKeyCredential.getClientCapabilities()")}}:

```js
let conditionalCreateAvailable = false;

if (window.PublicKeyCredential?.getClientCapabilities) {
  const capabilities = await PublicKeyCredential.getClientCapabilities();
  conditionalCreateAvailable = capabilities.conditionalCreate === true;
}
```

If the feature is supported, pass `mediation: "conditional"` in the `create()` call, alongside the usual `publicKey` creation options supplied by your server:

```js
if (conditionalCreateAvailable) {
  const publicKeyCredential = await navigator.credentials.create({
    publicKey,
    mediation: "conditional",
  });

  // Send publicKeyCredential to the server to complete registration.
}
```

> A conditional creation request can fail when the user agent or selected passkey provider cannot satisfy the request — for example, if the user did not recently sign in using a saved password, or if a matching passkey already exists.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A conditional creation request will throw an `NotAllowedError` exception when the conditions are not met — for example, if the user did not recently sign in using a saved password, or if a matching passkey already exists.
```

(note, this also means we ought to add this case to the list under https://pr44643.review.mdn.allizom.net/en-US/docs/Web/API/CredentialsContainer/create#notallowederror )
